_documentation/stitch/in-app-voice/inbound-pstn.md, before:

---
title: Calling In-App users from a phone
---

# Calling In-App users from a phone

The [Voice API](/voice/voice-api/overview) allows you to build high-quality programmable voice applications in the cloud. With the Voice API, you can manage outbound and inbound calls in JSON, record and store calls, create a conference call, send text-to-speech messages in 23 languages with varieties of voices and accents, and so on.


In this guide, we'll learn how to forward an incoming phone call from a Nexmo phone number to an in-app user user by implementing a Webhook and linking that to a Nexmo application.

## Before you begin

Before we begin you’ll need a few things:

* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) installed on your machine</li>
* Create a free Nexmo account - [signup](https://dashboard.nexmo.com)</li>
* Install the Nexmo Beta CLI:

```
$ npm install -g nexmo-cli@beta
```
* Setup the CLI to use your Nexmo API Key and API Secret. You can get these from the <a href="https://dashboard.nexmo.com/settings">setting page</a> in the Nexmo Dashboard:

```
$ nexmo setup api_key api_secret
```



## Forwarding a call to a user

When a user calls a Nexmo virtual phone number associated with a voice application, Nexmo retrieves the Nexmo Call Control Objects (NCCO) from your `answer_url` Webhook endpoint. We'll try to answer the call with a synthesized voice that reads some text and then connects the call onwards to a user. We'll use the NCCO to create the call flow.

### Creating a webhook endpoint

We're going to write the Webhook using Node and [ExpressJS](http://expressjs.com/). If you prefer a different language, feel free to use something else — there are Nexmo client libraries for [JavaScript](https://github.com/nexmo/nexmo-node "Nexmo Node Library"), [Java](https://github.com/nexmo/nexmo-java "Nexmo Java Library"), [Python](https://github.com/nexmo/nexmo-python "Nexmo Python Library"), [PHP](https://github.com/nexmo/nexmo-php "Nexmo PHP Library"), [Ruby](https://github.com/nexmo/nexmo-ruby "Nexmo Ruby Library"), and [.NET](https://github.com/nexmo/nexmo-dotnet "Nexmo DotNet Library")!

We'll need to install a few things:

```
$ npm install express body-parser --save
```

Create an `index.js` file, instantiate express and body-parser, and listen to the server on port 3000.

```javascript
'use strict';
const express = require('express');
const bodyParser = require('body-parser');
const app = express();
app.use(bodyParser.json());
app.use(bodyParser.urlencoded({extended: true}));

const server = app.listen(3000, () => {
  console.log('Express server listening on port %d in %s mode', server.address().port, app.settings.env);
});
```

Let's add an endpoint for `/event` that logs all the events coming from the Nexmo Application:

```javascript
app.post('/event', (req, res) => {
  console.log(req.body);
  res.status(200).end();
});
```

We also need an endpoint for `/answer`, responding to HTTP GET requests, that is going to deliver the NCCO when the Nexmo Application retrieves the `answer_url`. We'll use a `talk` building block so the call generates text-to-speech letting the user know they're calling `Jamie`, followed by a `connect` block. We'll need to add a special `app` type to the endpoint in order to connect the call with an existing user. You can add your own phone number in the `from` field.

```javascript
app.get('/answer', (req, res) => {
  var ncco = [
    {
      action: "talk",
      text: "Thank you for calling Jamie"
    },
    {
      "action": "connect",
      "from": "449876543210",
      "endpoint": [
        {
          "type": "app",
          "user": "jamie"
        }
      ]

    }
  ];
  res.json(ncco);
})
```

Now let's run the server:

```
$ node index.js
```

While you're developing, you can run the server locally, and use ngrok to make the server publicly available on the internet, so Nexmo can reach it. We have a [tutorial on how to do that!](https://www.nexmo.com/blog/2017/07/04/local-development-nexmo-ngrok-tunnel-dr/ "Set Up Local Development With Ngrok")

Now we'll have to connect the Webhook to a Nexmo Application. I'm going to assume you already have one and show you how to update that application to use the Webhook we just created.

## Update your existing application with Webhook URLs

You need the Application ID to update the information. You can use the `app:list` command with the Nexmo CLI:

```
$ nexmo app:list
```

The CLI should return a list of each app ID and an app name. Now, use the correct app ID to update the application with the webhook URLs:

```
$ nexmo app:update aaaaaaaa-bbbb-cccc-dddd-0123456789ab "My Voice App" https://6e5c2f7a.ngrok.io/answer https://6e5c2f7a.ngrok.io/event
```

Finally, you need to associate your application with the virtual number you rent from Nexmo. Let’s use the Nexmo CLI again. Use the command `nexmo link:app` followed by the phone number, which must start with a country code and then the app ID. So, the command should look like this:

```
$ nexmo link:app 449876543210 aaaaaaaa-bbbb-cccc-dddd-0123456789ab
```

When the linking is successful, the CLI returns with the message, “Number updated”.

## Conclusion

Now that you've linked your number to your application, whenever someone calls your Nexmo number they are going to be connected to a user via In-App Voice. If you want to test this out, you can check out the [JavaScript](/stitch/in-app-voice/guides/calling-users/javascript), [Android](/stitch/in-app-voice/guides/calling-users/android), and [iOS](/stitch/in-app-voice/guides/calling-users/ios) guides detailing how you can implement calling using the SDKs.

## What's next?

If you'd like to continue learning how to use the Nexmo Stitch SDK, check out our In-App Voice quick start where we show you how to [make an outbound PSTN call with Stitch](/stitch/in-app-voice/guides/outbound-pstn/) and read the [Outbound PSTN Calling NCCO guide](/stitch/in-app-voice/ncco-guide).

> Note: Making calls from a phone to an app user via APAC(Asia Pacific) LVNs is unfortunately currently unsupported.

Commit message:

Phone to App Guide - remove Vapi, edit ncco& title (#893)
* Phone to App Guide - remove Vapi, edit ncco& title

removed the VAPI section and added it in the voice overview. makes more sense since it will be handling ALL stitch voice stuff pretty much. IP IP calls will soon be done through VAPI as well.
edidet ecplanation of NCCO
changed title for consistency with the rest

* Make titles match

* Tiny grammar changes

_documentation/stitch/in-app-voice/inbound-pstn.md, after:

---
title: Phone to App Calls
---

# Phone to App Calls

In this guide, we'll learn how to forward an incoming phone call from a Nexmo phone number to an in-app user by implementing a Webhook and linking that to a Nexmo application.

## Before you begin

Before we begin you’ll need a few things:

* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) installed on your machine</li>
* Create a free Nexmo account - [signup](https://dashboard.nexmo.com)</li>
* Install the Nexmo Beta CLI:

```
$ npm install -g nexmo-cli@beta
```
* Setup the CLI to use your Nexmo API Key and API Secret. You can get these from the <a href="https://dashboard.nexmo.com/settings">setting page</a> in the Nexmo Dashboard:

```
$ nexmo setup api_key api_secret
```

## Forwarding a call to a user

When a user calls a Nexmo virtual phone number associated with a voice application, Nexmo retrieves the Nexmo Call Control Objects (NCCO) from your `answer_url` Webhook endpoint. We'll try to answer the call with a synthesized voice that reads some text and then connects the call onwards to a user. We'll use the NCCO to create the call flow.

### Creating a webhook endpoint

We're going to write the Webhook using Node and [ExpressJS](http://expressjs.com/). If you prefer a different language, feel free to use something else — there are Nexmo client libraries for [JavaScript](https://github.com/nexmo/nexmo-node "Nexmo Node Library"), [Java](https://github.com/nexmo/nexmo-java "Nexmo Java Library"), [Python](https://github.com/nexmo/nexmo-python "Nexmo Python Library"), [PHP](https://github.com/nexmo/nexmo-php "Nexmo PHP Library"), [Ruby](https://github.com/nexmo/nexmo-ruby "Nexmo Ruby Library"), and [.NET](https://github.com/nexmo/nexmo-dotnet "Nexmo DotNet Library")!

We'll need to install a few things:

```
$ npm install express body-parser --save
```

Create an `index.js` file, instantiate express and body-parser, and listen to the server on port 3000.

```javascript
'use strict';
const express = require('express');
const bodyParser = require('body-parser');
const app = express();
app.use(bodyParser.json());
app.use(bodyParser.urlencoded({extended: true}));

const server = app.listen(3000, () => {
  console.log('Express server listening on port %d in %s mode', server.address().port, app.settings.env);
});
```

Let's add an endpoint for `/event` that logs all the events coming from the Nexmo Application:

```javascript
app.post('/event', (req, res) => {
  console.log(req.body);
  res.status(200).end();
});
```

We also need an endpoint for `/answer`, responding to HTTP GET requests, that is going to deliver the NCCO when the Nexmo Application retrieves the `answer_url`. We'll use a `talk` building block so the call generates text-to-speech letting the user know they're calling `Jamie`, followed by a `connect` block. Notice that the connect action is using type `app`. This means that the second leg of the call is completed using over In-App channel (via WebRTC) in order to then connect the call with an existing app user. You can add your own phone number in the `from` field.

```javascript
app.get('/answer', (req, res) => {
  var ncco = [
    {
      action: "talk",
      text: "Thank you for calling Jamie"
    },
    {
      "action": "connect",
      "from": "449876543210",
      "endpoint": [
        {
          "type": "app",
          "user": "jamie"
        }
      ]

    }
  ];
  res.json(ncco);
})
```

Now let's run the server:

```
$ node index.js
```

While you're developing, you can run the server locally, and use ngrok to make the server publicly available on the internet, so Nexmo can reach it. We have a [tutorial on how to do that!](https://www.nexmo.com/blog/2017/07/04/local-development-nexmo-ngrok-tunnel-dr/ "Set Up Local Development With Ngrok")

Now we'll have to connect the Webhook to a Nexmo Application. I'm going to assume you already have one and show you how to update that application to use the Webhook we just created.

## Update your existing application with Webhook URLs

You need the Application ID to update the information. You can use the `app:list` command with the Nexmo CLI:

```
$ nexmo app:list
```

The CLI should return a list of each app ID and an app name. Now, use the correct app ID to update the application with the webhook URLs:

```
$ nexmo app:update aaaaaaaa-bbbb-cccc-dddd-0123456789ab "My Voice App" https://6e5c2f7a.ngrok.io/answer https://6e5c2f7a.ngrok.io/event
```

Finally, you need to associate your application with the virtual number you rent from Nexmo. Let’s use the Nexmo CLI again. Use the command `nexmo link:app` followed by the phone number, which must start with a country code and then the app ID. So, the command should look like this:

```
$ nexmo link:app 449876543210 aaaaaaaa-bbbb-cccc-dddd-0123456789ab
```

When the linking is successful, the CLI returns with the message, “Number updated”.

## Conclusion

Now that you've linked your number to your application, whenever someone calls your Nexmo number they are going to be connected to a user via In-App Voice. If you want to test this out, you can check out the [JavaScript](/stitch/in-app-voice/guides/calling-users/javascript), [Android](/stitch/in-app-voice/guides/calling-users/android), and [iOS](/stitch/in-app-voice/guides/calling-users/ios) guides detailing how you can implement calling using the SDKs.

## What's next?

If you'd like to continue learning how to use the Nexmo Stitch SDK, check out our In-App Voice quick start where we show you how to [make an outbound PSTN call with Stitch](/stitch/in-app-voice/guides/outbound-pstn/) and read the [Outbound PSTN Calling NCCO guide](/stitch/in-app-voice/ncco-guide).

> Note: Making calls from a phone to an app user via APAC(Asia Pacific) LVNs is unfortunately currently unsupported.
